README.md, before:

# Flux ⚡

**AI Desktop Copilot for macOS** — sees your screen, hears your voice, builds custom tools.

A native macOS app with a Dynamic Island-style notch overlay powered by Claude and Liquid Glass.

## Features

- 🖥️ **Screen-Aware AI** — Reads window contents via Accessibility API + captures screenshots via ScreenCaptureKit. No OCR, no guessing — actual structured data from any app.
- 🎙️ **Voice Input** — Local speech-to-text with Parakeet MLX. No API key, no cloud, runs entirely on Apple Silicon.
- 🔧 **Custom Tool Builder** — Create AI-powered tools that combine LLM prompts with Shortcuts, shell scripts, AppleScript, and custom instructions.
- 💬 **Multi-Channel** — Connect Discord, Slack, WhatsApp so your AI copilot reaches you anywhere.
- 🏝️ **Dynamic Island UI** — Notch-anchored overlay with Liquid Glass materials. Expands contextually, stays out of your way.
- 🧠 **Claude Agent SDK** — Powered by Claude Sonnet with custom tools for screen capture, file ops, and automation.

## Requirements

- macOS 26 (Tahoe)
- Apple Silicon Mac with notch
- Node.js 20+
- Anthropic API key

## Quick Start

```bash
# Clone
git clone https://github.com/zruss11/flux.git
cd flux

# Build the app
xcodebuild -scheme Flux -configuration Debug build

# Start the AI sidecar
cd sidecar && npm install && npm start
```

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────┐
│         Flux (Swift/SwiftUI)        │
│                                     │
│  ┌─────────┐  ┌──────────────────┐  │
│  │ Island  │  │ Screen Context   │  │
│  │   UI    │  │ • AXUIElement    │  │
│  │ (notch) │  │ • ScreenCapture  │  │
│  │         │  │ • Selection      │  │
│  └────┬────┘  └────────┬─────────┘  │
│       │                │            │
│       └───────┬────────┘            │
│               │ WebSocket           │
│       ┌───────▼────────┐            │
│       │  Agent Bridge  │            │
│       └───────┬────────┘            │
└───────────────┼─────────────────────┘
                │
┌───────────────▼─────────────────────┐
│      Sidecar (Node.js/TypeScript)   │
│                                     │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────┐   │
│  │    Claude Agent SDK          │   │
│  │    (Sonnet + Custom Tools)   │   │
│  └──────────────────────────────┘   │
└─────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## License

Apache 2.0

Commit message:

Add Discord and Slack bot integration with setup guide (#5)
* Add Discord and Slack bot integration with comprehensive setup guide

This commit implements Discord and Slack bot messaging capabilities for Flux,
allowing the AI copilot to send messages to configured channels.

Changes:
- Add send_slack_message and send_discord_message tools to agent SDK
- Implement native HTTP-based bot message sending in FluxApp.swift
- Update settings UI to collect bot tokens and channel IDs (replacing webhooks)
- Add inline help tooltips in both settings views with setup instructions
- Create comprehensive docs/bot-setup.md guide with step-by-step instructions
- Link setup guide from README.md in new Integrations section
- Update napkin.md with patterns for adding agent tools

* Store bot tokens in Keychain; support public Slack channels

README.md, after:

# Flux ⚡

**AI Desktop Copilot for macOS** — sees your screen, hears your voice, builds custom tools.

A native macOS app with a Dynamic Island-style notch overlay powered by Claude and Liquid Glass.

## Features

- 🖥️ **Screen-Aware AI** — Reads window contents via Accessibility API + captures screenshots via ScreenCaptureKit. No OCR, no guessing — actual structured data from any app.
- 🎙️ **Voice Input** — Local speech-to-text with Parakeet MLX. No API key, no cloud, runs entirely on Apple Silicon.
- 🔧 **Custom Tool Builder** — Create AI-powered tools that combine LLM prompts with Shortcuts, shell scripts, AppleScript, and custom instructions.
- 💬 **Multi-Channel** — Connect Discord, Slack, WhatsApp so your AI copilot reaches you anywhere.
- 🏝️ **Dynamic Island UI** — Notch-anchored overlay with Liquid Glass materials. Expands contextually, stays out of your way.
- 🧠 **Claude Agent SDK** — Powered by Claude Sonnet with custom tools for screen capture, file ops, and automation.

## Requirements

- macOS 26 (Tahoe)
- Apple Silicon Mac with notch
- Node.js 20+
- Anthropic API key

## Quick Start

```bash
# Clone
git clone https://github.com/zruss11/flux.git
cd flux

# Build the app
xcodebuild -scheme Flux -configuration Debug build

# Start the AI sidecar
cd sidecar && npm install && npm start
```

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────┐
│         Flux (Swift/SwiftUI)        │
│                                     │
│  ┌─────────┐  ┌──────────────────┐  │
│  │ Island  │  │ Screen Context   │  │
│  │   UI    │  │ • AXUIElement    │  │
│  │ (notch) │  │ • ScreenCapture  │  │
│  │         │  │ • Selection      │  │
│  └────┬────┘  └────────┬─────────┘  │
│       │                │            │
│       └───────┬────────┘            │
│               │ WebSocket           │
│       ┌───────▼────────┐            │
│       │  Agent Bridge  │            │
│       └───────┬────────┘            │
└───────────────┼─────────────────────┘
                │
┌───────────────▼─────────────────────┐
│      Sidecar (Node.js/TypeScript)   │
│                                     │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────┐   │
│  │    Claude Agent SDK          │   │
│  │    (Sonnet + Custom Tools)   │   │
│  └──────────────────────────────┘   │
└─────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Integrations

Connect Flux to your messaging platforms so your AI copilot can reach you anywhere.

- [Discord & Slack Bot Setup Guide](docs/bot-setup.md)

## License

Apache 2.0
